
Plan: 
    One general University option, but flavor text when applying varies depending on Fathers wealth. If Father is alive and  Wealth > 70 
    and player is a male, then player gets Oxford acceptance letter. Else, player gets University College London acceptance letter. 
    Oxford is free (paid for by Father), while University College London costs 40 pounds a year for player

    After joining University, player can select between different education "degrees." These each unlock a degree that
    unlocks certain careers. Their selection has little 
    impact on the mechanics, and only changes some flavor text/events, and the graduation/degree. 
    Each degree cost progress (described below)

        1. Theology (Only available at Oxford) (requires 600 progress)
        2. Liberal Arts (only available at Oxford) (requires 400 progress)
        3. Medicine (requires 800 progress)
        4. Law (requires 800 progress) 
        5. Bachelor of Science (only available at University College of London) (requires 400 progress)
        6. Bachelor of Arts (requires 400 progress)

    Melancholy Humor Player can choose between Oxford and University College, and attends for free (Impliment event for 
    a patron to sponser the player, generate patron as a professor)

    Impliment Currency system
        Players Wealth attribute changes from social class to literal currency value (NPCs keep wealth attribute/social class)
        add Sovereign (gold coin) item in inventory as a unique item. Icon is coinpurse. Stacking infinitely. 
        Description: "A gold Sovereign with the face of King George on it. Worth £1"
        Change Player "wealth" attribute from a 0-100 bar to the combined worth of the Sovereigns in coinpurse labeled with a £ sign
        change character creation option for starting social class to effect father+mother, reduce cost of this option by 75%


    Instead of a grade system, player has a progress bar and each year gets popup to choose their number of classes 
    that year. 15AP is standard classes required to get 100 base progress. Reduced classes is 10AP to get 75 progress, or 
    5 Few classes for 50 progress. 

    Additionally, this popup options will cost the tuition, so 40 pounds for Standard, 30 for Reduced, and 15 for Few classes at
    University College London (or none for Oxford).
    If player cannot pay, they select the Don't Participate this Year option which saves their AP but earns them no progress, 
    simulating the player not attending classes that year. 






Career
    Pay scale 1 is very poor, 10 is very rich. Representative of peak of career, pay generally begins at 50% of max 
    and scales up with promotions. But this should vary significantly from baseline based on career and rank. 
        Tiers 1–3 (£10 to £50): The brutal reality of the working poor.

        Tiers 4–6 (£85 to £300): The comfortable, respectable middle class.

        Tiers 7–8 (£550 to £700): Upper-middle-class luxury (carriages, multiple servants).

        Tiers 9–10 (£1000 to £4000+): The absolute aristocratic and professional elite.


    When player joins a career, display and generate immediate coworkers and boss

    Promotion Section (parallel to grade)
        Promotion depends on relationship with boss and "promotion chance", which is simply a progress bar and represents their 
        progress towards a promotion. It reads promotion chance because the factors behind the below will be hidden from player.
        Scaing gradually:
            Relationship with boss greater than 50 disposition = Promotion at 50% Promotion chance 
            Relationship with boss less than 0 dispositon = Promotion at 100% promotion chance 
            Relationship with boss less that 50 disposition = Promotion Impossible 
        
        Work Hard option to increase promotion chance by 5%

    


    Career Options by Social Class
        Description flavor text will be entered later. 

        Elite
            Barrister/Solicitor (Requires: Law)
                Pay 9
            
            Clergy (Requires: theology)
                Pay 8
                
            Physician (Requires: Medicine)
                Pay 9

        Rich
            Diplomat (Requires: any degree, Charisma 40)
                pay 6
            
            Foreign Discretionary Agent (Requires: any degree, cunning 40, charisma 40)
                Pay 7
            
            Gentry (Requires: Father Wealth 80)
                pay 6
                
            Engineer (Requires: Bachelor of Science)
                Pay 6
            
            Banker/Financier (req: any degree)    
                pay 6
            
            Antiquarian (Requires: Bachelor of Arts, or Liberal Arts)
                pay 6

        Middle Class 
            Blacksmith (Requires: Secondary)
                Pay 4
                +2 Metallurgy skill per year 

            House Servant (Requires: Charisma 30)
                Pay 4
            
            Butler/Maid (Requires: Secondary)
                Pay 3

            Artisan (Requires: Secondary)
                Pay 4 

            Tailor (Requires: Tailor 40)
               Pay 4
                +2 Tailor skill per year 
            
            Schoolmaster (Requires: Any Degree)
                pay 6

            Alchemist (Requires: Alchemy 15)
                pay 6 

            Merchant (Requires: Secondary)
                Pay 3-6 (scales off charisma)

            Baker (Requires: Primary)
                Pay 4
            
            Medium (Requires: Insight 20 or Charisma 40)
                pay 4


        Poor
            Dockworker (Requires: None)
                Pay 3

            Sailor (Requires: None)
                Pay 3
            
            Soldier (Requires: None)
                Pay 3
            
            Performer (Requires: Charisma 50)
                Pay 2-6 (scales off charisma)
                +2 Performance skill per year 
            
            Courtesan (Requires: Charimsa 40)
                Pay 2-8 (Scales off charisma)
                15% chance to catch an STD per year 
            
            Constable (Requires: Prowess 30)
                pay 3

            Fisherman (Requires: Fishing 20)
                Pay 3
                +2 angling skill per year
            
        Criminal 
             Poacher  (Requires: Hunting 15)
                Pay 5
                +2 hunting skill per year

            
            River Pirate 
                Pay 5

        NPC Only
            Destitute 
                Street Sweeper 
            
                Bone Grubber 

                Beggar 
            
            Poor 
                Factory Hand 

                Farmhand 
            
            Middle Class 
                Clerk 

                Workhouse Manager 

                Shopkeeper 

                Toll-Gate Keeper 

            Rich 
                Magistrate 

                Landholder

                Estate Manager 

                Dowager









Ideas to explore in the future
    1-2 events for each career
    rare events for sailors to get marooned
    events for soldiers
    events/opportunities for schoolmasters
    Elite upgrades to careers. Constables -> royal guard. Bank Manager -> Master of coin type position. Diplomat -> Prime Minister 
