Hidden means hidden for both mortals and vampires. Vamp means hidden from mortals. 


The Four Humors:
	Every NPC will be assigned one Humor at random. This serves as a personality type feature that gives basic mechanics to differentiate people. The player will be able to see what humor someone has through a color coded label on their card. Gains and losses will affect all stat calculations for that NPC. So if a player romances a sanguine npc through an event and gains 10 intimicy, they will actually gain 14.
	
	Choleric (Yellow): Prone to anger, aggression, and ambition.

		Mechanic: Disposition drops twice as much from insults or failures. They gain a 25% resistance to Intimidation attempts.

	Sanguine (Blood): Social, romantic, and highly impulsive.

		Mechanic: Intimacy gain 40% faster Disposition loss is 40% faster. They are 100% more likely to be affected by Siren trait and Player Sanguine Humor.

	Melancholic (Dark Blue): Analytical, depressive, and deeply introverted.

		Mechanic: Intimicy gain is reduced by 40%. Disposition and Intimacy loss is reduced by 40%.

	Phlegmatic (Green): Stoic, relaxed, and incredibly stubborn.

		Mechanic: Disposition loss and gain is reduced by 40%. Enthrallment gain and loss is reduced by 20%
	
	Humors Extended 
		
		Each archtype learns the vampire disciplines in that humor twice as fast. This is not mentioned at creation,
		and neither is any mention of the vampire bonuses. Keep any vampiric mentions hidden. These humors will be
		applied as the first Trait for a characher, and they will swap descriptions and effects/modifiers
		upon being Embraced.

		Melancholic (Dark Blue)
			Hidden: 
			Spirits will haunt the player during their mortal life in subtle ways.
			Vampire Phase: Their dreary nature attracts spirits,
			and improves the rate at which the vampire builds relationship with spirits and undead. Upon player "death" 
			(being embraced), the spirits (NPCs with cards) that haunted the player appear as friends or enemies, 
			depending on how the player reacted/treated them throughout their life.

		Sanguine (Red)
			Hidden: 
			(Vampire Phase): The Addictive Kiss. You transition into the Requiem with a larger maximum blood pool. 
			However, your bite is intoxicating. Mortals you casually feed upon are not easily forgotten; 
			they frequently become obsessed stalkers. They will track you down, appearing at your Haven to 
			beg for your attention or another bite, constantly threatening to breach the Masquerade if you do not 
			deal with them.

		Choleric (Yellow)
			Hidden:
			(Vampire Phase): The Blinding Strike. Your restless mortal energy translates directly into lethal, 
			supernatural kinetic speed. In the Requiem, you become a terrifying duelist. 
			During physical Reckonings or combat, you have a special rapid-strike, accompanied by a 
			permanent modifier that increases your melee damage.

		Phlegmatic (Green)
			Hidden:
			(Vampire Phase): The Puppeteer. Your meticulously built mortal network transitions into a 
			fiercely loyal stable of ghouls. Your Vitae is highly efficient when binding servants, 
			allowing you to sustain a larger number of Ghouls without draining your blood reserves. 
			Furthermore, your calculating approach to manipulation makes it much easier to Ghoul 
			high-prestige mortals, effortlessly bypassing the difficulty they naturally pose for other vampires.

	
General Traits:


Traits included in Character Creation:
	The Uncanny (1)

	You see too much. Others find you unnerving and strange. 

		-7 CHA, +4 Insight.

	Beguiling (2)

		+5 CHA, 20% faster relationship building through flirting/romance

	The Gutter-born (1)

		The streets raised you rough. You know how to steal when you need to. 

		-2 INT, -2 CHA

		(Hidden description: unlocks steal decision to boost wealth temporarily)

	Iron Vigor (2)

		You are unnaturally sturdy.

		+25 Max Health

		(Vamp: Survive an otherwise deadly injury once every 20 years)

	Scholar (1)

		You take more comfort from dusty tomes than people.

		+7 INT, -3 CHA

	The Beast Whisperer (1)

		Creatures regard you with the same respect you show them.

		Tame pets for free.

		(Vamp: Start your unlife with the Animalism discipline)

	Strong Arm (1)

		Your stature is well suited to combat.

		+3 Prowess, -1 Int

	Longbowman (1)
		You've spent many leisure hours at the aristocratic archery targets, mastering a martial art long forgotten by the common street thug.
		+2 Bonus Prowess with Longbows

	Street Duelist (1)
		You are no stranger to rapier duels in back alleys.
		+2 Bonus Prowess with Rapiers
		
	Light-Footed (1)
		You tread silently, moving through soot-choked alleys like a ghost.
		+1 Prowess, +1 Insight.
		
	Mysterious Inheritance (1)
		Due to exceedingly strange circumstances, you possess a strange family heirloom.
		Begin the game with a Rare Mysterious Relic in your Inventory.













!Drawback Traits:

	The Haunted (-1) (requires The Uncanny)

		-5 Prowess, -10 Max Health, +3 Insight 

		(Hidden Always: Attract spirits with same mechanic as Melancholic)

	Siren (-1)(Requires Beguiling)

		Dangerously alluring. Few forget your face.

		(Hidden always: addictive kiss/stalker mechanic from Sanguine humor)

	Frail Constitution (-0.5)

		Prone to sickness and frailty.

		-10 Max health

	Marked by the Rookeries (-1)
		You crossed the wrong crime syndicate early in life. The gutters have eyes, and they are looking for you.
		Periodic dangerous encounters with Underworld thugs.
		
		(Vamp: The syndicate's hunters eventually realize you survived death. This triggers a massive, early-game(vampire) combat Reckoning against heavily armed mobsters.)
	
	Hemophobia (-1)
		The sight of blood causes you to become woozy, nauseous, and weak-kneed.
		-5 Prowess in combat when someone is injured.	
		
		(vamp: For 50 years after becoming a vampire,
		feeding is more difficult and you only drain (gain) half blood.)

	Waking Dreamer (-1)

		You see things that aren't real. They see you too. Sitations appear that aren't real.

		+2 Int

		(Vamp: Reckonings will also appear.)

	Opium Addict (-1)

		Soothed with poppy syrup as a child, you become dependant on it.

		-5 Wealth, -2 Int

	Pox-Scarred (-2)

		As a child you survived the great outbreaks, but your face bears the permanent scars.

		-5 CHA, start most relationships with bad impressions

		(Vamp: Good chance new relationships start at -10 when meeting someone new. 
		Hidden until eligible for decision requirements: decision to completely heal it with full blood, consumes 30% blood)

	Family Debt (-1)

		Your family begins under a burden of debt.

		-7 Wealth

	Orphaned (-2)

		All that remains of your family is your name.

		-10 Wealth
	
		(hidden: generate no parents, siblings, grandparents, etc. Skip the second character creation sheet)

	One-eyed (-1)

		One of your eyes was lost as a child.

		-2 Prowess